{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1046{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang22\f0\fs22 The Setup program accepts optional command line parameters. These can be useful to system administrators, and to other programs calling the Setup program.\par
\par
/HELP, /?\par
Shows a summary of this information. Ignored if the UseSetupLdr [Setup] section directive was set to no.\par
\par
/SP-\par
Disables the This will install... Do you wish to continue? prompt at the beginning of Setup. Of course, this will have no effect if the DisableStartupPrompt [Setup] section directive was set to yes.\par
\par
/SILENT, /VERYSILENT\par
Instructs Setup to be silent or very silent. When Setup is silent the wizard and the background window are not displayed but the installation progress window is. When a setup is very silent this installation progress window is not displayed. Everything else is normal so for example error messages during installation are displayed and the startup prompt is (if you haven't disabled it with DisableStartupPrompt or the '/SP-' command line option explained above).\par
\par
If a restart is necessary and the '/NORESTART' command isn't used (see below) and Setup is silent, it will display a Reboot now? message box. If it's very silent it will reboot without asking.\par
\par
/SUPPRESSMSGBOXES\par
Instructs Setup to suppress message boxes. Only has an effect when combined with '/SILENT' or '/VERYSILENT'.\par
\par
The default response in situations where there's a choice is:\par
\par
Yes in a 'Keep newer file?' situation.\par
No in a 'File exists, confirm overwrite.' situation.\par
Abort in Abort/Retry situations.\par
Cancel in Retry/Cancel situations.\par
Yes (=continue) in a DiskSpaceWarning/DirExists/DirDoesntExist/NoUninstallWarning/ExitSetupMessage/ConfirmUninstall situation.\par
Yes (=restart) in a FinishedRestartMessage/UninstalledAndNeedsRestart situation.\par
5 message boxes are not suppressible:\par
\par
The About Setup message box.\par
The Exit Setup? message box.\par
The FileNotInDir2 message box displayed when Setup requires a new disk to be inserted and the disk was not found.\par
Any (error) message box displayed before Setup (or Uninstall) could read the command line parameters.\par
Any message box displayed by [Code] support function MsgBox.\par
/LOG\par
Causes Setup to create a log file in the user's TEMP directory detailing file installation and [Run] actions taken during the installation process. This can be a helpful debugging aid. For example, if you suspect a file isn't being replaced when you believe it should be (or vice versa), the log file will tell you if the file was really skipped, and why.\par
\par
The log file is created with a unique name based on the current date. (It will not overwrite or append to existing files.)\par
\par
The information contained in the log file is technical in nature and therefore not intended to be understandable by end users. Nor is it designed to be machine-parsable; the format of the file is subject to change without notice.\par
\par
/LOG="filename"\par
Same as /LOG, except it allows you to specify a fixed path/filename to use for the log file. If a file with the specified name already exists it will be overwritten. If the file cannot be created, Setup will abort with an error message.\par
\par
/NOCANCEL\par
Prevents the user from cancelling during the installation process, by disabling the Cancel button and ignoring clicks on the close button. Useful along with '/SILENT' or '/VERYSILENT'.\par
\par
/NORESTART\par
Prevents Setup from restarting the system following a successful installation, or after a Preparing to Install failure that requests a restart. Typically used along with /SILENT or /VERYSILENT.\par
\par
/RESTARTEXITCODE=exit code\par
Specifies a custom exit code that Setup is to return when the system needs to be restarted following a successful installation. (By default, 0 is returned in this case.) Typically used along with /NORESTART. See also: Setup Exit Codes\par
\par
/CLOSEAPPLICATIONS\par
Instructs Setup to close applications using files that need to be updated by Setup if possible.\par
\par
/NOCLOSEAPPLICATIONS\par
Prevents Setup from closing applications using files that need to be updated by Setup. If /CLOSEAPPLICATIONS was also used, this command line parameter is ignored.\par
\par
/FORCECLOSEAPPLICATIONS\par
Instructs Setup to force close when closing applications.\par
\par
/NOFORCECLOSEAPPLICATIONS\par
Prevents Setup from force closing when closing applications. If /FORCECLOSEAPPLICATIONS was also used, this command line parameter is ignored.\par
\par
/RESTARTAPPLICATIONS\par
Instructs Setup to restart applications if possible. Only has an effect when combined with '/CLOSEAPPLICATIONS'.\par
\par
/NORESTARTAPPLICATIONS\par
Prevents Setup from restarting applications. If /RESTARTAPPLICATIONS was also used, this command line parameter is ignored.\par
\par
/LOADINF="filename"\par
Instructs Setup to load the settings from the specified file after having checked the command line. This file can be prepared using the '/SAVEINF=' command as explained below.\par
\par
Don't forget to use quotes if the filename contains spaces.\par
\par
/SAVEINF="filename"\par
Instructs Setup to save installation settings to the specified file.\par
\par
Don't forget to use quotes if the filename contains spaces.\par
\par
/LANG=language\par
Specifies the language to use. language specifies the internal name of the language as specified in a [Languages] section entry.\par
\par
When a valid /LANG parameter is used, the Select Language dialog will be suppressed.\par
\par
/DIR="x:\\dirname"\par
Overrides the default directory name displayed on the Select Destination Location wizard page. A fully qualified pathname must be specified. May include an "expand:" prefix which instructs Setup to expand any constants in the name. For example: '/DIR=expand:\{pf\}\\My Program'.\par
\par
/GROUP="folder name"\par
Overrides the default folder name displayed on the Select Start Menu Folder wizard page. May include an "expand:" prefix, see '/DIR='. If the [Setup] section directive DisableProgramGroupPage was set to yes, this command line parameter is ignored.\par
\par
/NOICONS\par
Instructs Setup to initially check the Don't create a Start Menu folder check box on the Select Start Menu Folder wizard page.\par
\par
/TYPE=type name\par
Overrides the default setup type.\par
\par
If the specified type exists and isn't a custom type, then any /COMPONENTS parameter will be ignored.\par
\par
/COMPONENTS="comma separated list of component names"\par
Overrides the default component settings. Using this command line parameter causes Setup to automatically select a custom type. If no custom type is defined, this parameter is ignored.\par
\par
Only the specified components will be selected; the rest will be deselected.\par
\par
If a component name is prefixed with a "*" character, any child components will be selected as well (except for those that include the dontinheritcheck flag). If a component name is prefixed with a "!" character, the component will be deselected.\par
\par
This parameter does not change the state of components that include the fixed flag.\par
\par
Example:\par
Deselect all components, then select the "help" and "plugins" components:\par
/COMPONENTS="help,plugins"\par
Example:\par
Deselect all components, then select a parent component and all of its children with the exception of one:\par
/COMPONENTS="*parent,!parent\\child"\par
/TASKS="comma separated list of task names"\par
Specifies a list of tasks that should be initially selected.\par
\par
Only the specified tasks will be selected; the rest will be deselected. Use the /MERGETASKS parameter instead if you want to keep the default set of tasks and only select/deselect some of them.\par
\par
If a task name is prefixed with a "*" character, any child tasks will be selected as well (except for those that include the dontinheritcheck flag). If a task name is prefixed with a "!" character, the task will be deselected.\par
\par
Example:\par
Deselect all tasks, then select the "desktopicon" and "fileassoc" tasks:\par
/TASKS="desktopicon,fileassoc"\par
Example:\par
Deselect all tasks, then select a parent task and all of its children with the exception of one:\par
/TASKS="*parent,!parent\\child"\par
/MERGETASKS="comma separated list of task names"\par
Like the /TASKS parameter, except the specified tasks will be merged with the set of tasks that would have otherwise been selected by default.\par
\par
If UsePreviousTasks is set to yes, the specified tasks will be selected/deselected after any previous tasks are restored.\par
\par
Example:\par
Keep the default set of selected tasks, but additionally select the "desktopicon" and "fileassoc" tasks:\par
/MERGETASKS="desktopicon,fileassoc"\par
Example:\par
Keep the default set of selected tasks, but deselect the "desktopicon" task:\par
/MERGETASKS="!desktopicon"\par
/PASSWORD=password\par
Specifies the password to use. If the [Setup] section directive Password was not set, this command line parameter is ignored.\par
\par
When an invalid password is specified, this command line parameter is also ignored.\par
}
 